README.md, before:

Categorical Query Language
====

For more information, please see:
- <a href="http://categoricaldata.net" target="_blank">Community page</a>

Build and installation
----------------------

### Pre-built Binary

[Java 11 Jar File (14MB)](http://categoricaldata.net/cql.jar)

### Eclipse

For best results, compile using the [Eclipse IDE](http://eclipse.org/jdt/).

- create a new java project
- add the src/main/java folder as a source folder
- add resources as a separate source folder
- add lib/* to the classpath as external jar files
- run catdata.ide.IDE as the main class

A gradle file is provided, but is not maintained.

Related projects:
--------------

- [Archived FQL code](https://github.com/CategoricalData/FQL)

License
-------

### Categorical Data IDE

AGPL 3 license for non-commercial use; contact us for commercial licenses.

Copyright (c) 2015+ Conexus AI, Inc.  All rights reserved.

https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html

Contains binary distributions of

jparsec (Apache),
JUNG (BSD),
RSyntaxTextArea and autocomplete (BSD),
Commons Generics, CSV, and Exec (Apache),
OpenCSV (Apache),
JFlex (BSD),
H2 (Mozilla Public License or Eclipse Public License),
JGraph (BSD),
txtmark (Apache),
commons-lang-3 (Apache),
Google Guava (Apache),
Gnu Trove (LGPL),

And a source distribution of

EASIK (BSD)

Commit message:

inserted link to detailed CQL IDE build guide

README.md, after:

Categorical Query Language
====

For more information, please see:
- <a href="http://categoricaldata.net" target="_blank">Community page</a>

Build and installation
----------------------

### Pre-built Binary

[Java 11 Jar File (14MB)](http://categoricaldata.net/cql.jar)

### Eclipse

For best results, compile using the [Eclipse IDE](http://eclipse.org/jdt/).  

Quick build guide:
- create a new java project
- add the src/main/java folder as a source folder
- add resources as a separate source folder
- add lib/* to the classpath as external jar files
- run catdata.ide.IDE as the main class

[Detailed Build Guide](https://github.com/CategoricalData/CQL/wiki/detailed-Eclipse-build-instructions)

A gradle file is provided, but is not maintained.

Related projects:
--------------

- [Archived FQL code](https://github.com/CategoricalData/FQL)

License
-------

### Categorical Data IDE

AGPL 3 license for non-commercial use; contact us for commercial licenses.

Copyright (c) 2015+ Conexus AI, Inc.  All rights reserved.

https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html

Contains binary distributions of

jparsec (Apache),
JUNG (BSD),
RSyntaxTextArea and autocomplete (BSD),
Commons Generics, CSV, and Exec (Apache),
OpenCSV (Apache),
JFlex (BSD),
H2 (Mozilla Public License or Eclipse Public License),
JGraph (BSD),
txtmark (Apache),
commons-lang-3 (Apache),
Google Guava (Apache),
Gnu Trove (LGPL),

And a source distribution of

EASIK (BSD)
